Public-Use Microdata Documentation

Notice to users:

The main documentation for the Interview and Diary surveys has been split into 2 parts for the 2007 and forward production 
years. The User's Guide to Income Imputation in the CE has remained unchanged.  Each piece of documentation contains the following 
information:


Interview Data Dictionary - 		this is a report with all the variable names, descriptions, start positions, and formats, 
					organized by file and section. (formerly included in section III.G. "Detailed Variable 
					Description" in the Interview documentation)

Interver User's Documentation - 	the remaining portions of the Interview documentation including (but not limited to) 
					changes to the previous year's release, information on topcoding and non-disclosure 
					requirments, file and record lengths, definitions of flags, information on estimation 
					methodology, and calendar year versus collection year.  


Diary Data Dictionary - 		this is a report with all the variable names, descriptions, start positions, and formats, 
					organized by file and section. (formerly included in section III.G. "Detailed Variable 
					Description" in the Diary documentation)

Diary User's Documentation - 		the remaining portions of the Diary documentation including (but not limited to) 
					changes to the previous year's release, information on topcoding and non-disclosure 
					requirments, file and record lengths, definitions of flags, information on estimation 
					methodology, and calendar year versus collection year.  


Interview and Diary Access Database - 	This database is comprised of 4 tables, one each for Diary (D_) and Interview (I_), 
					with all the variable and file information.  The Header information table is used to 
					link the Variable information with details on it's section information in the survey.
					The Header and Variable information tables are linked by the variable RECTYPE. Also 
					included in the Access data base are 4 pre-made queries.  (1) "Diary Query" - used to 
					generate the PDF version of the Diary Data Dictionary, (2)"Interview Query" - used to 
					generate the PDF version of the Interview Data Dictionary, (3) "Search by RECTYPE" - 
					allows users to enter the RECTYPE (a 4-letter designation in all CAPS) to pull all 
					variables within a section, and (4) "Search by VARIABLE" - allows users to search for 
					a particular variable (in all CAPS).  


Users Guide to Income Imputation -	This guide includes a detailed description with examples on how to appropriately use
					the multiply imputed income data and to draw statistically valid inferences in their 
					works.
